# BBRKC.bycatch.SDM
This repository contains data, code, and figures to support the Fisheries Research article: "Predicting the distribution of red king crab bycatch in Bering Sea flatfish trawl fisheries". Authors are E.R. Ryznar and M.A. Litzow. The article can be accessed here: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.fishres.2024.107158

# Observer Data Availability
This project uses data collected by at-sea observers aboard trawl vessels. These raw data are confidential by law, and require a non-disclosure agreement for access. As such, these data and associated processing code are available upon request with appropriate agreements in place. However, downstream, processed data products are publicly available on this repository. Please contact emily.ryznar@noaa.gov for access assistance. 

# NOAA License
This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.

Software code created by U.S. Government employees is not subject to copyright in the United States (17 U.S.C. §105). The United States/Department of Commerce reserve all rights to seek and obtain copyright protection in countries other than the United States for Software authored in its entirety by the Department of Commerce. To this end, the Department of Commerce hereby grants to Recipient a royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use, copy, and create derivative works of the Software outside of the United States.
